Don't be afraid.
I can come with you soon.
You really loved me
Hahaha
I promise him.
How many queens do you want him to be?
To make him one person
Existence above ten thousand people
I want to give him the best life.
It's all over now.
I'm really jealous of you sometimes
Your Goku is taller than me
More handsome than me
And there is Su Xue
But what about me?
My only relative
All left
God is unfair
ordered
You had a chance to spend the rest of your life with the one you love
You have done many ends yourself.
God took everything that originally belonged to you
Can't stand it.
Should withdraw
Do it.
Stop
Ask for advice
Are you not dead over there?
Are you really not dead?
Amin
We've been wrong all along.
Thank you. It's my sister.
The chief minister is my brother-in-law
We have always been a family
Why bother against him?